welcome back to recap in minutes in today's
video we will be going through a 2015 horror
comedy movie titled scout's guide to the zombie
apocalypse spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the film starts with ron the janitor playing a
loud music through his headphone as he dances
and mops the floor in the hallways of a research
facility he enters where dr pieter morris is
working on something ron asked if he can do a
quick mop or come back later pieter tells him he
can do the moping and he should not touch anything
pieter leaves to get a snack from the vending
machine while ron cleans up he notices something
behind a curtain there he finds a man hooked up
to a machine with tubes and his skin is pale and
veiny ron grabs the man's wrist and he twitches
making ron stumble backwards and screw up
the machine as he tries to fix it he then
attempts to give the man cpr until he sees his
bleeding gums he pours some tic tac into his mouth
he tries to resuscitate him with his hands but
they go through the man's stomach the man jumps
up and starts throwing ron all over the room while
pieter is struggling to get a bag of chips out
as he tries to reach the bag ron emerges from
the room all zombified and attacks pieter the
bag then slowly drops to the bottom three boy
scouts and childhood buddies ben carter and augie
are with their scout leader rogers for scouts
registration day unfortunately only one kid
is there and he leaves after watching the corny
video although discouraged rogers reminds the boys
that tonight is a special night for augie since
he's getting his condor badge while driving home
carter tells ben that they need to tell augie
that they want to quit being scouts despite
sticking around for the last two years after the
death of augie's dad carter is more interested in
hooking up with girls while ben thinks they should
stick around for their buddy ben then hits a deer
on the road causing a flat tire carter and ben
get to see the dead deer as they change the tire
carter sees his sister kendall arriving
with her boyfriend jeff and friend chloe
ben has a crush on kendall despite her seeing
him as a little brother and carter not knowing
while then talks to kendall carter chats up the
other two and gets an invitation to a secret
senior party that night ben then notices that
the deer is not in the same spot where it fell
thinking the party could be life-changing for them
carter tells ben that they can go to augie's badge
ceremony and sneak out to the party when he's
asleep ben drives carter home where they run into
his grouchy neighbor mrs fielder who tells carter
to keep his garbage bins away from her driveway
she is known to have numerous cats as pet in
the woods rogers walks and finds pieter's badge
he sees something rustling the bushes
the deer emerges in its zombie state
and tries to get rogers he stabs the deer in the
eye with his lucky knife as he pulls out his knife
from the deer's eye and turns around only to then
hit his throat bitten out by zombie pieter on the
way to the ceremony ben and carter stop by the
liquor store so carter can give a drunken bum 20
dollar to get them beer this bad fires since
the man makes a ruckus in the store passing
by is denise a girl that supposedly dropped out
from the boys high school and became a stripper
carter tries to get his twenty dollar back from
the drunken bomb ben meets denise when the handle
of her purse breaks as she's leaving the store
so he fixes it with a special knot denise notices
that carter is trying to get the money back from
the bomb so she goes in and coolly grabs the money
and gets the beers for the boys before heading to
work at the strip joint across the street ben and
carter meet audrey in the woods where he's already
getting his camping gear ready ben asks scout
leader rogers his whereabouts as he's never late
for camp but augie presumes it's a test to prove
he's ready getting his condor patch the boys hang
out and goof off all afternoon until it gets dark
they light a fire and roast marshmallows when
carter leaves for a bit augie expresses his joy
at getting to hang out with his friends making
ben feel a little guilty about wanting to leave
after augie falls asleep carter gets
ben as he reluctantly follows carter
and they are about to drive away
only for augie to show up on the road
he knows about to party and while he's heartbroken
and disappointed he tells the guys to go anyway on
their way ben and carter notice the towns deserted
as they can't see anyone and the radio map playing
they stop at the liquor store for a moment ben
sees that the glass door has been shattered
carter sees that the bouncer at the strip joint
is missing he gets ben to go inside with him
carter runs to get money from the atm while ben
sits by the stage a stripper comes out and does a
dance though she is already a zombie when carter
shows up the zombie stripper climbs the pole
and blood spurts from her open neck wound the
boys run and find the bouncer as a zombie too
he chases ben into the bathroom while carter hides
from a stripper she pulls him out from behind the
bar but carter kills her by sticking a broken
glass bottle in her head which causes blood to
pour from the open wound onto his face the bouncer
tries getting ben in the bathroom when denise
who is really a cocktail waitress appears with
a shotgun and blasts the bouncer's head off
the three run outside and the boys slowly
realize that they are indeed dealing with a
zombie breakout they run to ben's car as a horde
of zombies approach ben drives like crazy out of
there causing the car's tire to fall off denise
holds off the zombies with a shotgun as the boys
quickly replace the tire before they drive away
augie goes to roger's home he sees nobody there
other than a weird collection of dolly parton
items augie then goes to use the toilet a zombie
tries getting him from the toilet window but
fortunately augie is done and returns to the
living room to find zombie rogers he chases
augie through the house all the way to the
basement where augie grabs a can of lighter fluid
and a gas lighter to set his scout leader on fire
he then ties rogers up and leaves ben carter
and denise go to the sheriff's department and
see a sign that says the town's been evacuated
the zombie horde gets closer and the three run
inside the cops have been zombified as well one is
trying to shoot them ben uses a fire extinguisher
on the zombie cop while carter grabs an axe and
hits it on the zombie cop's head meanwhile the
other zombies are about to reach them forcing them
to lock themselves in a cell augie later shows up
after seeing ben's car and blasts the music from a
car outside to distract the zombies as the zombies
leave the three try to get the key from the wall
ben uses carter's condoms as a chain and manages
to grab the keys until augie shows up and
accidentally kicks them into a drain pipe
fortunately augie picks the lock with his knife
a zombie comes in but ben impales it through
the head as they head out while a horde of zombie
pursuing them carter tries to close a gate against
the zombies a female police zombie attempt to
get through but her shirt gets hooked to the gate
exposing her bare chest while carter touches it
the four walk down the road and encounter the
drunken bum as a zombie augie attempts to assert
himself using his scout's knowledge leading him
and carter to sing baby one more time with a
zombie after they notice is britney spears shirt
they sing along with a zombie until a bullet then
goes through the bum's head fired by a soldier he
takes the four to the address that carter was
given for the party so they can save kendall
however jeff gave carter the address to a sewage
plant augie tells carter now he knows what it's
like to be screwed over carter then admits that he
and ben were already planning to quit being scouts
this makes augie tell carter that ben has a crush
on kendall angering carter as the boys fight the
soldier turns into a zombie from a bite on his
hand before he meet them and attacks denise the
boys help her and she smashes the zombie's
head with the car door to make things worse
they hear on the radio that the town is to be
bombed in less than two hours carter deduces that
kendall probably wrote the location of the party
in her diary so they take the truck to his house
they go into carter's house to find the diary
they look through kendall's room until they hear a
noise from downstairs carter and augie go to check
it out denise then sees a picture of kendall and
understands why ben has a crush on her noting his
lack of confidence she tells ben to kiss her he
tries but accidentally head butts denise she then
does it for him zombies break into carter's home
including mrs fielder she attacks carter and tries
to literally eat his butt until he and augie force
her against a window to break it and then chop
her head off more zombies attack the gang fights
them and run toward kendall's room to jump on the
trampoline and over the fence carter denise and
augie go ahead with ben going last as the zombies
break into the room kendall's diary falls out of
the underwear drawer ben grabs it and goes to jump
but there are too many zombies on the trampoline
and too many in the room ben prepares to jump
but nearly slips until he grabs hold of something
a zombie p..... the knees distract the zombies
away from the trampoline the p..... rips off
and ben falls on the trampoline the game runs into
mrs fielder's home where they encounter her zombie
cats after escaping them they head into the garage
and steal their car before getting out of there
as they drive away from the neighborhood they
encounter rogers half burnt and they run him over
the boys learn that the party is at a rec center
denise finds a motorcycle and goes to get help
ben gives his friends a rousing speech on how
they're going to kick zombie ass and save their
friends they stop at a hardware store and grab
many supplies and make weapons out of it before
heading to the party at the party chloe and her
boyfriend travis go into a room so travis can
make love with chloe she refuses but allows him
to have an oral with her a zombie with no lower
jaw enters and kills travis he gives chloe an
oral for a bit before turning her into a zombie
kendall is worried about her brother until jeff
admits he gave carter the wrong address this
kendall leaves jeff tries to hold her back but
she slaps him he pushes kendall as zombie chloe
enters and attacks jeff kendall runs away only to
see that more zombies are coming she runs back to
the party while the zombies attack everyone in
the party when it looks like she's done for the
scouts arrive to lay waste ben mows the zombies
down with a weed whacker carter has a nail gun
and augie has a gun that shoots heavy balls carter
nails chloe in the head while ben decapitates jeff
the boys lead the survivors to the stairs while
ben rescues kendall he stays behind to lock the
doors while his friends run toward a room that
seems there is no exit augie places a bomb that he
made on the floor and tries to light it to destroy
the zombie along with themselves since they don't
want to turn into zombies that makes another
speech on how he and carter were jerks for trying
to ditch augie and that he really loves being a
scout because that's how he became friends with
them the zombies are about to break in and augie
tries to light the bomb until denise shows up and
guides the boys out through a slide at the last
minute augie lights the bomb and gets out before
it goes off and blows up the zombies the last
one is rogers on the outside but he's blown up
by a grenade the military finally arrives to save
the day the morning comes and denise encourages
ben to go after kendall without a second thought
he walks up to her and kisses her passionately
augie thinks it's sweet but carter is displeased
thanks for watching please don't forget to
subscribe and turn on the notification bell
to get noticed when a new video is uploaded